So you've got yourself a blog, you're putting out great content, you're growing your audience and
you're building an email list, so it's time to talk about monetization.
But first, we have to acknowledge an important truth about blogs.
A blog is not a business in and of itself.
Your blog is the engine that will enable you to reach customers and bring people into your ecosystem.
But if you want to generate income, you have to build a real business on top of that engine.
There are a number of proven business models out there that you could implement for your blog.
But not all business models are created equal.
Some of them are vastly better than others.
And what worked in the past may not necessarily work so well today.
In fact, things have changed dramatically even in the last five years.
This section covers some of the most popular revenue models you can use to build a business around your
blog, including the pros and cons and how to execute each one successfully.